API Docs: Update links, copy edit, apply style guide (#2294)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: docs/content/packages/interactive-messages.md

:::

> The `@slack/interactive-messages` helps your app respond to interactions from the Slack
> [interactive messages](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity), [actions](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/implementing-shortcuts), and [modals](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/adding-interactive-modals-to-home-tab). This package will help you start with convenient and secure defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@slack/interactive-messages` helps your app respond to interactions from [interactive messages](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity), [actions](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/implementing-shortcuts), and [modals](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/adding-interactive-modals-to-home-tab) in Slack. This package will help you start with convenient and secure defaults.
```

})();
```

> When choosing to turn late response fallback off, it's important to stop relying on returning `Promise`s from handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When choosing to turn late response fallback off, it's important to stop relying on returning a `Promise` from the handler
```

`plural`s are weird looking to me
